how to make a gingerbread christmas cake
nothing says the holidays more than the
aroma of gingerbread wafting through the
house here's how to make this festive
Christmas cake you will need 1 cup
vegetable oil 1 cup sugar 1 cup dark
molasses 2 large eggs at room
temperature 3 cups all-purpose flour 1
tablespoon ground ginger two teaspoons
ground cinnamon 1 teaspoon salt a
quarter teaspoon ground cloves 1
tablespoon baking soda 1 cup water 28
ounce packages of cream cheese a half
cup or one stick of butter 2 cups
powdered sugar and candied ginger for
garnish equipment a 9 by 13-inch baking
pan wax paper and an electric mixer
optional a quarter cup unsweetened cocoa
step 1 preheat the oven to 325 degrees
Fahrenheit then lightly grease a 9 by
13-inch baking pan lining the bottom
with wax paper step 2 whisk together the
oil sugar and molasses in a separate
Bowl lightly beat the eggs with a fork
then whisk them into the molasses
mixture until it's smooth step 3 in a
separate bowl whisk together the flour
and spices then add the wet mixture
whisking until everything is completely
combined for chocolatey touch add a
quarter cup unsweetened cocoa step 4
stir the baking soda into a cup of just
boiled water and whisk it into the
batter until just combined pour into the
prepared pan and bake in the center of
the oven until a toothpick inserted into
the center comes out clean about 45
minutes let cool step 5 to make the
frosting beat the cream cheese and
butter until fluffy gradually beating in
the powdered sugar show for at least 30
minutes step 6 spread the frosting on
the gingerbread and garnish with candied
ginger enjoy your Christmas cake did you
know Queen Elizabeth the first honored
guests of the court with Gingerbread
made in their likeness
you